so online Motovelo sport.ru
on the information provided about lapping
valves and replacing the knife on creamy
caps that I have here
publishing motul filed engine
In fact, all this is very easy I
wanted to lead srx and was ready to give spit
on 2
so what is the whole
history throughout the fix
I restore as if chronologically
where did the cops stand valve to show how
they are removed
does not work
in the same condition is this bowl like
as a shock absorber in a car that's just
to go away is to catch this
spring is crackers and such here 2
the rim they become a circle all around just
clogged like a peg
how can a peg be held this way
tasks in what to take a candlestick as you can
so that the patient is centered and now
so here pave show show a couple
strokes must be pre
putting a soft screwdriver right under the valve
like this so we sell lowered
by 5-7 millimeters
tom so as not to bend the valve
smoothly do not be afraid to bend it
difficult to choose a good main screwdriver
literate will stand together better to one
held and second from top to here
a couple of blows they will be soft anyway
chief pick rubber screwdriver
not such that the main attack rebounded
Well, in principle, and everything so then you take
and screwdriver podkovyrivaem here we are looking for
the right screwdriver podkovyrivaem
wiper look what inside you go in
Falconers buy new
daoud him